Modules/data analytics SRS introduction (#114)
thoth-tech/documentation: docs/Splashkit/Modules/Data Analytics/Software_Requirements_Specification.md

## 1. Introduction

The purpose of Data Analytics module is to allowing users to load datasets from various file
formats, then perform data manipulations and visualization for the goal of extracting useful
insights from the dataset.

### 1.1 Purpose

> The purpose of Data Analytics module is that it is a tools that allows users to import crate data
> visualisations and use pre written algorithms to perform statistical analysis of the data, and
> pre-process the data for use in machine learning model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of Data Analytics module is that it is a tool that allows users to import, create data
visualisations, and use pre-written algorithms to perform statistical analysis of the data, and
pre-process data for use in a machine learning model.
```

### 1.2 Intended Audience

> The intended audience is Data Analysts, Machine Learning Engineer and developer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The intended audience is Data Analysts, Machine Learning Engineers, and developers.
```

### 1.3 Intended Use

> The intended use of this module is to create data visualisations and prepossess the data to be used
> in a machine learning model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The intended use of this module is to create data visualisations and preprocess the data to be used
in a machine learning model.
```
Needs check from Tim about ML models here.

### 1.4 Scope

> - Create dataframes by importing datasets. Adding and removing rows and columns on the dataset.
> - Overwriting data inside the dataset.
> - Preprocessing functionality for cleaning and standardizing the dataframe for the goal of making it
>   fit to be used in a machine learning model.
> - Create data visualisations like bar graphs, histograms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create dataframes by importing datasets. Adding and removing rows/columns in a dataset.
- Changing data inside a dataset.
- Preprocessing functionality for cleaning and standardising the dataframe for the goal of making it
  fit to be used in a machine learning model.
- Create data visualisations like bar graphs, histograms.
```

### 1.5 Definitions and Acronyms

> - Dataset: A collection of data in tabular form. fFiles ending in comma separated values (.csv), tab

Reviewer 2: Need to remove lowercase f from beginning of `Files` on line 34

>   separated values (.tbv), Excel (.xlsx) file extension.

Reviewer 2: Add .txt files as an option as well

> - Dataset: A collection of data in tabular form. Files ending in comma separated values (.csv), tab
>   separated values (.tbv), Excel (.xlsx), test (.txt) file extension.
> - Dataframe: Representation of dataset as an object in the program which allows users to use method
>   calls to preform actions on the dataset.
> - Standardizing: the process of converting data to a common format to enable users to process and
>   analyse it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dataset: A collection of data in tabular form. Files ending in comma separated values (.csv), tab
  separated values (.tbv), Excel (.xlsx), test (.txt) file extension.
- Dataframe: Representation of dataset as an object in the program which allows users to use method
  calls to perform actions on the dataset.
- Standardising: the process of converting data to a common format to enable users to process and
  analyse it
```
